PYTHONIUS PLOT:
    
    Pythonius takes place in the Kingdom of Pythonia, a nation located on
the continent of Arcadia. Prior to the events of this game, Pythonia was a
colony of the Flygonian Empire, which at the time had rule over much of the
continent, including Hillsbrad, Moroland and Durcuba. The Pythonians, led 
by war-general Pythonius, helped spark a revolution against Flygonia. After 
a harsh 3-year-long war, the Pythonians eventually prevailed and had its 
independence officially recognized by all of the other nations of Arcadia. 
The Flygonian Empire, plagued by economic turmoil caused by the loss of four
of its most prosperous colonies, eventually fell, with the Kingdom of Flygonia
being declared in its place.

    After the war, Pythonius was promptly instated as the new king of Pythonia. 
For the span of several decades, the Kingdom of Pythonia was a prosperous and
powerful nation. Forty years after the fall of the Flygonian Empire, Pythonius
died. His son, Pythonius II took his place, but lacked the wisdom and knowledge
that his father had possessed. Unbeknownst to him, a neighboring island-nation
named "Thex" had been plotting a major attack on his Kingdom. To do this,
Thex organized a large group of spies known as the "Thexus" and sent them
to Pythonia to scout the land. Pythonia's army quickly put a stop to this,
but the spies still managed to do one thing that Pythonia would have a hard 
time recovering from: They took King Pythonius II's daughter hostage. Pythonius
was furious, and assembled a massive army to recover his beloved daughter.

    Despite having plenty of man-power, the Pythonians were stopped dead in
their tracks. A magical shield had been placed over the island of Thex, 
destroying any chance of a possible incursion. Local mages and historians 
attempted to identify the source of the magic and came to the conclusion 
that the shield was coming from a large vein of Magestite that had recently 
been uncovered along the coast of Thex. Magestite possessed magical properties
that the Thex had used to their advantage. All seemed lost until the Headmaster
of the Sorcerers' Guild mentioned a possible solution: Legend has it that 
a powerful hero/heroine from the town of Nearton would come to defeat 
Pythonia's enemies. The hero/heroine would present him/herself to 
the King at a time when everything seemed hopeless, and would be holding a 
magical stone guarded by a Dragon in the mountains of Pythonia.

    You are this hero. Find the stone and talk to the king.
Save the King's daughter!