  Peasants' Ascension takes place on Earth in an alternate reality in the year 1407 A.D.
In this reality, an eighth continent exists known as Arcadia, located in the southern
Pacific Ocean. This continent was a safe-haven for non-human intelligent life, as it
was the only place in the world that contained nations that didn't persecute them.

Races found in Harconia:
  Elves (71%)
  Dwarves (18%)
  Gnomes (7%)
  Humans (4%)

Regions of Harconia:
  The regions of Harconia are named after the geography of the areas. While the
  Monarchy of Harconia has given each region an official title, the inhabitants of these
  areas generally just refer to them using the names of their biomes.

  Colloquial terms for the regions:
	-The Overshire Graveyard --> The Graveyard
	-The Harconian Coastline --> The Shore
	-The Terrius Mt. Range ----> The Mountains
	-The Arcadian Desert ------> The Desert
	-The Central Forest -------> The Forest
	-The Bogthorn Marsh -------> The Swamp
	-The Glacian Plains -------> The Tundra

Harconia has had many Monarchs over the years.

List of Monarchs w/ their period of reign:
  -King Harconius I --> 451 A.D. to 516 A.D.
  -King Tapret I -----> 516 A.D. to 573 A.D.
  -Queen Victoria I --> 573 A.D. to 654 A.D.
  -King Lazarus I ----> 654 A.D. to 718 A.D.

  From 718 A.D. to 892 A.D., Harconia had no monarch. The various lords and ladies of
  each region handled things themselves, but eventually tension between the regions
  began rising, culminating in the Harconian Civil War from 893 to 901 A.D.
  Cesura, a brave paladin from the Central Forest, took command of the CF Army and 
  used his excellent leadership skills to reunite the Kingdom. After the war, he
  declared his hometown of Overshire as the capital of the Kingdom, and was elected
  as the new king. He was the first king to have not been a direct descendant of 
  Harconius. His rule was marked by a transition to a more democratic government,
  and all monarchs were from here on elected by the people instead of being chosen
  by birthright.

  -King Cesura I -----> 901 A.D. to 956 A.D.
  -Queen Thanatrum I -> 956 A.D. to 958 A.D.

  Queen Thanatrum had the shortest reign of any Harconian monarch. Merely a single year
  into her rule, she became sick with a strange disease. This disease was later identified
  and named "Hatchnuk's Blight" after the town that she was visiting when she contracted
  the illness. She, along with 35% of the Arcadian population, died from this horrible
  disease. Nowadays, this disease has been mostly eradicated except for one particularly 
  deadly and incurable strain which can only be found in the town of Hatchnuk.

  -King Pyravia I ----> 958 A.D. to 983 A.D.
  -King Tapret II ----> 983 A.D. to 1052 A.D.

  King Tapret II's rule was marked with incredible advancements in mathematics and 
  technology. He personally invested thousands of PP into helping introduce things
  that his predecessors had been neglecting, including running water, aqueducts, 
  sewer systems, and using brick/cobblestone roads instead of dirt/gravel. These are
  things that had been in use for several decades in most of the rest of Arcadia, but had
  failed to make it into Harconia until King Tapret II funded it. As a result of his
  contributions, he is generally viewed as one of the best monarchs the nation had
  ever had, along with King Harconius I and King Cesura I.

  -Queen Aristol I ---> 1052 A.D. to 1143 A.D.

  Queen Aristol I has the honor of being one of the longest reigning monarchs of Harconia.
  Prior to her rule, the small island of Thex was a colony of Harconia. Queen Aristol I
  allowed her subjects in the colony to vote on whether or not they wanted to become
  an independent nation. Thex had already been somewhat autonomous, and was generally not
  required to pay taxes to the Monarchy. The Thexians voted almost unanimously for the
  formation of a new nation, and Queen Aristol I transferred rule of the island to 
  King Thexus VII, a direct ancestor of the man that the island was named after.

  -King Pyravia II ---> 1143 A.D. to 1213 A.D.
  -King Harthis I ----> 1213 A.D. to 1290 A.D.
  -Queen Victoria II -> 1290 A.D. to 1351 A.D.
  -Queen Aristol II --> 1351 A.D. to 1403 A.D.
  -King Harconius II -> 1403 A.D. to present (current as of 1407 A.D., the time of writing this)

  King Harconius II is the current monarch of Harconia. He is the first monarch to share his
  name with the famous war general, and is in fact a direct descendant of the original Harconius.
	
Harconian Langauge:	
  The official language of Harconia is "Hythic" (pronounced hih-thick), a dialect of the Dai'ic 
  language used in Flyscoria. The two languages are nearly indistinguishable when spoken apart from
  minor pronunciation differences, but the two utilize entire different alphabets. The Hythic
  language uses the Elysian alphabet used in much of southern Arcadia, while Dai'ic uses the Latin
  alphabet that is standard in the northern countries of Arcadia.

  The language breakup of the nation is as follows:
	(Natives refer to citizens born in the country who are above the age of 12)
	
	78% of natives speak Hythic as their first language
	12% of natives speak Dai'ic as their first language
	6% of natives speak English as their first language
	3% of natives speak French as their first language
	1% of natives speak some other language
	
	People who are able to understand spoken Hythic can almost always understand spoken Dai'ic, and
	vice versa. These percentages shown are based on which alphabet people claim to have been 
	taught first (or at all).
		
Currency System:
  The official curreny of Harconia is called the "Harconian Plated". 

  There are four different valued plated coins:
	Copper Plated (abbreviated as "CP")
	Silver Plated (abbreviated as "SP"), which is worth 12 CP
	Gold Plated (abbreviated as "GP"), which is worth 12 SP or 144 CP
	Platinum Plated (abbreviated as "PtP"), which is worth 12 GP or 144 SP or 1728 CP
	Durasteel Plated (abbreviated as "DsP"), which is worth 12 PtP or 144 GP or 1728 SP or 20736 CP
	
	In terms of modern day USD, a modern day CP is valued at around $0.0075, an SP is $0.09,
	a GP is $1.08, a PtP is $12.96, and a DsP is $155.52.
	
  When used on its own, Plated generally refers to the Gold Plated, as it is the one used most commonly
  in everyday transactions. The PtP and SP are also fairly common, but most merchants price their
  goods using exclusively GP.
	
  Notice that the currency is called "plated", and not "pieces". All Harconian coins are actually just
  brass coins that have been plated with their respective metals. This serves three main purposes:
	1. The cost to produce them is much lower, as acquiring brass and a small amount of gold is much
	   less expensive than acquiring a large amount of gold.
	2. The only coin that can be melted down and sold for more than the coin is valued at is the copper
	   coin. All the other coins were assigned values that are much higher than their actual worth.
	   This prevents people from melting down the currency to attempt to make a profit.
	3. Brass is slightly lighter than silver, and is much lighter than gold, platinum and durasteel.
	   Using metal-coated brass makes carrying money take far less effort.

Religion in Harconia:
  While Harconia has no official religion, a majority (around 76%) of citizens are members
  of a religion called "Divinity". People in this religion believe in two greater beings,
  one called His Divinity, who represents health, honesty, and charity, and another called
  His Wickedness, who represents pain, suffering, and evil. Members of the religion are referred
  to as Divinites, and devote their time to understanding the relationship between the two gods.
  Unlike most other religions, His Wickedness is not necessarily viewed as negative, and Divinites
  urge people to find a balance between the oppressive good of His Divinity and the destructive
  evil of His Wickedness. Divinites are very accepting of magic, with a majority of them capable
  of using it themselves. They specifically specialize in the magic of Light and Darkness, and use
  them to keep balance in the world.
	
Facts about Harconia
  Fact #1: Name origin
	The Kingdom was founded in 451 A.D. Prior to this, when Harconia was under Flyscorian rule as a
	colony, its name was "Arbranok", the Dai'ic/Hythic word for "many regions". This was in reference
	to the 32 regions that the colony had at the time, many more than any other nation had (albeit, 
	these regions were quite small, many times smaller than the ones that exist today). When the nation
	declared independence, Arbranok renamed itself to "Harconia", which comes from the Hythic/Dai'ic 
	word "Harchenor", meaning "prosperity". King Harconius's name also comes from this word.

  Fact #2: Region numbers
	Harconia originally had 32 different regions. These regions were named after the lord/lady of 
	the Flyscorian Empire that had rule of the land. By 462 A.D., these 32 had been consolidated into 
	only 6 different regions based primarily on geographical differences.