  Peasants' Ascension takes place in a world known as Arcadia in the year 
713. In this world, the oceans are extremely dangerous, obliterating any ships 
that are foolish enough to attempt to nagivate it. Due to this, as well as a 
thick fog that covers the seas, the island-nation of Harconia is the only point
of civilization known to exist. Harconia, a massive continent ruled by a 
monarchy, is a medieval society that has been in a perpetual golden age for many
centuries, a golden age that seems to be coming to an end. A civil war is about
to begin, and a chosen hero/heroine is all that stands between a conspiracy and
the future of the Kingdom.

--------------------------    
Races found in Harconia:
  Elves (71%)
  Dwarves (18%)
  Gnomes (7%)
  Humans (4%)

--------------------------    
Provinces:
  The Kingdom of Harconia is divided into 12 provinces of varying sizes.
  their names are as follows:
    -Overshire
    -Celemia
    -Parriway
    -Thex
    -Camberlite
    -Kohrin
    -Pelamora
    -Flute
    -Deltora
    -Downpour
    -Chin'tor
    -Whitlock

--------------------------    
List of Monarchs w/ their period of reign:
  -King Harconius I --> year ??? to 132     
  -King Tapret I -----> year 133 to 156
  -Queen Victoria I --> year 156 to 226
  -King Lazarus I ----> year 226 to 257

  From the year 258 to 313, Harconia had no monarch. The various barons and 
  baronesses of each province handled things themselves, but eventually 
  tension between the provinces began rising, culminating in the Harconian Civil
  War from the year 313 to 342. Eventually, Cesura, a brave paladin from Deltora, 
  took command of the Deltoran Army and  used his excellent leadership skills to 
  reunite the Kingdom. After the war, he settled in the Province of Overshire, 
  and declared Overshire City as the capital of the Kingdom. Cesura was welcomed
  with open arms as the new king of Harconia. He was the first king to have not 
  been a direct descendant of Harconius, and marked the beginning of a new 
  lineage.

  -King Cesura I -----> year 345 to 364
  -Queen Thanatrum I -> year 364 to 365

  Queen Thanatrum had the shortest reign of any Harconian monarch. Merely a single year
  into her rule, she became sick with a strange disease. This disease was later identified
  and named "Hatchnuk's Blight" after the town that she was visiting when she contracted
  the illness. She, along with 35% of the Harconian population, died from this horrible
  disease. Nowadays, this disease has been mostly eradicated except for one particularly 
  deadly and incurable strain which can only be found in the town of Hatchnuk.

  -King Pyravia I ----> year 365 to 398
  -King Tapret II ----> year 398 to 413

  King Tapret II's rule was marked with incredible advancements in mathematics and 
  technology. He personally invested millions of GP into helping introduce things
  that his predecessors had been neglecting, including running water, aqueducts, 
  sewer systems, and using brick/cobblestone roads instead of dirt/gravel. As a 
  result of his contributions, he is generally viewed as one of the best monarchs 
  the nation had ever had, along with King Harconius I and King Cesura I.

  -Queen Aristol I ---> year 413 to 492

  Queen Aristol I has the honor of being one of the longest reigning monarchs of 
  Harconia. This is often overshadowed however by an even bigger accomplishment
  that took place during her reign: The discovery of Kohrin. Kohrin had been
  unknown to the people of Harconia for centuries, completely cut off from the
  rest of Harconia by the ravenous oceans. By sheer luck, however, excavators from
  Whitlock had created a tunnel that just so happened to open up right in the middle
  of the island. After many years of reinforcing the tunnel to make it safe for 
  travelers, Kohrin was welcomed as an official province of Harconia.

  -King Pyravia II ---> year 492 to 512
  -King Harthis I ----> year 512 to 530
  -Queen Victoria II -> year 530 to 561
  -Queen Aristol II --> year 561 to 602
  -King Halios I -----> year 602 to 651
  -King Halios II ----> year 651 to 709
  -King Harconius II -> year 709 to present (current as of 713, the time of writing this)

  King Harconius II is the current monarch of Harconia, who is also the first
  monarch to share their name with the original ruler of Harconia.

--------------------------    
Harconian Langauge:    
  The official language of Harconia is "Hythic" (pronounced hih-thick). The 
  origin of this language is unknown, as even the earliest known written records
  of the world were written in this language. Historians theorize that the
  language was originally brought to the continent by the Forefathers, who
  are believed to have come to the continent from a far away land in the first
  year.

  "Dai'ic" (day-ick) is another major language, although not nearly as prominent. 
  It was first discovered by the people of Harconia in 452, as the primary 
  language of the people of Kohrin. Because of the similarities between Dai'ic
  and Hythic, Historians theorize that Dai'ic evolved from Hythic due to the
  differences in culture between Kohrin and the rest of the world.

  The language breakup of the nation is as follows:
    87% of natives speak Hythic as their first language
    12% of natives speak Dai'ic as their first language
    1% of natives speak some other tribal language

--------------------------    
Currency System:
  The official curreny of Harconia is called the "Harconian Plated". 

  There are four different valued plated coins:
    Copper Plated (abbreviated as "CuP")
    Silver Plated (abbreviated as "SP"), which is worth 12 CuP
    Gold Plated (abbreviated as "GP"), which is worth 12 SP or 144 CuP
    Platinum Plated (abbreviated as "PtP"), which is worth 12 GP or 144 SP or 1728 CuP
    Magestite Plated (abbreviated as "MsP"), which is worth 12 PtP or 144 GP or 1728 SP or 20736 CuP
    
  When used on its own, Plated generally refers to the Gold Plated, as it is the one used most commonly
  in everyday transactions. The PtP and SP are also fairly common, but most merchants price their
  goods using exclusively GP.
    
  Notice that the currency is called "plated", and not "pieces". All Harconian coins are actually just
  brass coins that have been plated with their respective metals. This serves three main purposes:
    1. The cost to produce them is much lower, as acquiring brass and a small amount of gold is much
       less expensive than acquiring a large amount of gold.
    2. The only coin that can be melted down and sold for more than the coin is valued at is the copper
       coin. All the other coins were assigned values that are much higher than their actual worth.
       This prevents people from melting down the currency to attempt to make a profit.
    3. Brass is slightly lighter than silver, and is much lighter than gold, platinum and magestite.
       Using metal-coated brass makes carrying money take far less effort.

--------------------------    
Religion in Harconia:
  While Harconia has no official religion, a majority (around 76%) of citizens are members
  of a religion called "Divinity". People in this religion believe in two greater beings,
  one called His Divinity, who represents health, honesty, and charity, and another called
  His Wickedness, who represents pain, suffering, and evil. Members of the religion are referred
  to as Divinites, and devote their time to understanding the relationship between the two gods.
  Unlike most other religions, His Wickedness is not necessarily viewed as negative, and Divinites
  urge people to find a balance between the oppressive good of His Divinity and the destructive
  evil of His Wickedness. Divinites are very accepting of magic, with a majority of them capable
  of using it themselves. They specifically specialize in the magic of Light and Darkness, and use
  them to keep balance in the world.