PEASANTS' ASCENSION PLOT:
    
    Peasants' Ascension takes place in the Kingdom of Harconia, a nation located on
the continent of Arcadia. Prior to the events of this game, Harconia was a
colony of the Flyscorian Empire, which at the time had rule over much of the
continent, including Hillsbrad, Moroland and Durcuba. The Harconians, led
by war-general Harconius, helped spark a revolution against Flysconia. After
a harsh 3-year-long war, the Harconians eventually prevailed and had its
independence officially recognized by all of the other nations of Arcadia.
The Flyscorian Empire fell, but was reinstated as the Kingdom of Flyscoria.
Fly Jones, the King of Flyscoria, had become good friends with Harconius and
the two formed a strong alliance, securing their places as the two superpowers 
of the Arcadian continent.

    This powerful alliance continued for several centuries. The immortality
that Fly Jones possessed allowed him to continue to rule to this day, but Harconius
was not so lucky. Forty years after the fall of the Flyscorian Empire, Harconius
died. A line of powerful, intelligent, and fair kings and queens took his place.
In 1403 A.D., Queen Aristol II died after 52 years as reigning monarch. Her son, 
Harconius II took her place as the new king, and was the first one to share 
Harconius's name. It was not long, however, until disaster stuck the kingdom. 
Unbeknownst to the King, a neighboring island-nation named "Thex" had been plotting 
a major attack on his Kingdom. To do this, Thex organized a large group of spies
known as the "Thexus" and sent them to Harconia to scout the land. Harconia's army 
quickly put a stop to this, but the invaders still managed to do one thing that 
Harconia would have a hard time recovering from: They took King Harconius II's 
daughter hostage. Harconius was furious and immediately assembled a massive army 
to recover his beloved daughter and defeat the Thexian enemy.

    Despite having plenty of man-power, the Harconians were stopped dead in
their tracks. A magical shield had been placed over the island of Thex,
destroying any chance of a possible incursion. Local mages and historians
attempted to identify the source of the magic and came to the conclusion
that the shield was coming from a large vein of Magestite that had recently
been uncovered along the coast of Thex. Magestite possessed magical properties
that the Thexians had used to their advantage. All seemed lost until the Headmaster
of the Sorcerers' Guild mentioned a possible solution: Legend has it that
a powerful hero/heroine from the town of Nearton would come to defeat
Harconia's enemies. That person would present themself to the King at a 
time when everything seemed hopeless, and would be holding a magical stone guarded 
by a terrifying monster in the Mountains of Harconia.

    You are this hero. Find the stone and talk to the king.
Save Harconius's daughter and defeat the Thexians!